=== Main Window

tooltip-new-command:          New - Ctrl+N
tooltip-open-command:         Open - Ctrl+O
tooltip-save-command:         Save - Ctrl+S
tooltip-save-as-command:      Save as - Ctrl+Shift+S
tooltip-toggle-settings:      Settings
tooltip-word-count:           Word Count
tooltip-spell-check:          Spell Check - Ctrl+F7
tooltip-word-wrap:            Word Wrap - Ctrl+W
tooltip-auto-save:            Auto Save - Alt+S
settings-flyout-header:       Settings

=== Editor

editor-f1-for-help:           - F1 for Help
editor-new-document:          New Document
editor-menu-undo:             Undo
editor-menu-redo:             Redo
editor-menu-cut:              Cut
editor-menu-copy:             Copy
editor-menu-paste:            Paste
editor-menu-paste-special:    Paste Special
editor-menu-delete:           Delete
editor-menu-wrap-format:      Wrap & Format
editor-menu-unwrap-format:    Unwrap & Format
editor-menu-add-to-dictonary: Add to Dictionary
